Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome back to the course and today Sitara will give you a few quick tips on how to get the most
value out of this course.
So a little before tips and the first one is watch these videos in high resolution.
There's a bottom at the bottom that you can click and that will switch the resolution to the highest
possible.
And in that way the picture will be more sharp and you'll be able to see the finer details which is
quite important for our video so please watch his videos in higher resolution.
Second one is do the quizzes the quizzes are very useful and handy.
Some of the questions are pretty simple but will still help you keep on track.
Some of the questions are trick questions and will help you have a little bit of fun along the way.
Follow along.
You'll notice that a substantial part of this course is dedicated to the practical side of things.
So it will be highly beneficial if you're able to follow what I'm doing my computer and replicate that
in and that'll help you take advantage of not only the TerraCycle site but also the practical side scores
.
And finally I refer to the folks about Web site for supplementary materials.
You will notice me mentioning the Web site a few times and sometimes we will have to download things
that I have hosted over there but always feel free to just jump on the website and find any additional
materials that can help you through this course.
Those are the main four things that will help you achieve the maximum value out of the scores and I
look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.
Until then heavy training